tyloo especially welcome to come in
horses TV live in France a Fiat home if
you are planning on spending a nice
Christmas in France with your in-laws
better not break the sacred rules about
bread
the rules are engraved in our popular
culture and only learn by experience
even though bread seems like a detail
it's not bread is at the center of
French culture its quality and the
respect we show are essential but no
worries I'm here to help you avoid the
biggest most embarrassing mistakes about
bread today I'm coming forces TV will
demystify the bread etiquette thank the
bread you like who's Andy pop who's a
veneer Tom hmm
the dreaded question if you are charged
with buying bread for a family dinner
know that this is an important mission
Brad must come from the boulangerie not
the supermarket and obviously don't
bring frozen bread dough
okay so bread must be from the brewery
that's a fact
then it's important to choose the
baguette you want in by get beyond treat
even by get beyond quit or invited Pat
who treats but wholly beyond treaties
with brown crust and Patrick Reed is
reliable crust how much bread and which
bread ask your host for a big dinner
like Christmas dinner with foie gras
meat and gravy cheese I would go for one
baguette for three people remember that
it's better to buy too much bread than
to run out of bread which bread if there
is foie gras or snails or both on the
menu you may see other kinds of bread
again ask your host if you buy a loaf of
bread
ah Tom instead of in baguette even buy
it you can ask for it to be sliced vous
pouvez rose hashas it will play vous
very little shape s'il vous plait one
last thing
pants you're clean look bones you're
chris is not a random bread it can be
translated as a party loaf a sort of
pile sandwiches if you haven't tried it
it's really worth it for a negative a
negative presenting the bread baguette
is to be sliced or broken like this or
broken never eaten like a sandwich on
itself bread goes into in combat yeah
Tom even cup a upon and the ballot is
sliced with a coup - ah ah ah - up if
you want to cut slices off by yet cut
slices this size not this size if you
put our bomb like we saw before a loaf
of bread or didn't cut the pie yet never
put it upside down never to some people
is really bad luck and it's very
important to them at the table in France
there is no bread plate and it's not
offered with butter except for a few
dishes the bread goes at the side of
your plate here on the tablecloth is not
cut with a knife instead you break it
with your hands don't buy the bread like
this cut a piece that will go entirely
in your mouth when you run out of bread
and you want more ask va voom a passive
tongue s'il vous plait pour vous
pass it looked up to do a break this is
polite at home you can say Jim pass on
football to pass on Bhutan to mud baths
on the top this is what we use at home
if you're asked this pass the full coab
a and not just a piece of bread like
this it's up to your neighbor to choose
the piece they want one last thing no
matter how tempting it might be don't
eat bread before your Audrey in the
entree it is supposed to be a side dish
not an appetizer and as your mother
would tell you to you're approachable
hoga to know how profound
Paulie oppa you won't be hungry for the
meal anymore it what your French will
improve only if you put into practice
what you've learned on coming contest TV
share your experiences by leaving your
comment below this video
did you see the importance of bread in
the French culture which have these
rules as you observed in France share
your experience in French if you there
in the comments below the video we can
all learn from your stories the current
section is the best place to store
discussions and ask questions if you
like this video share it with your
friends on YouTube Facebook Twitter and
Pinterest help me spread the word about
coming home said masse love France dream
of speaking French I could through
Piscean learn how with me Geraldine on
coming home sale calm and subscribe to
my email updates presque receive tips on
your life in France every Tuesday press
on a 3d video introduce yourself in
French it's free
merci for watching current hostage TV
live in France feel at home I Sally